README.md, before:

# OSM Changefile Generator (`changegen`)


Changegen is a command-line application for generating OpenStreeMap [changefiles](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/OsmChange) from database tables and their source extract. This software is designed to support PostGIS/Imposm-based workflows for conflation of third-party data with OSM. The resulting changefiles can be used post-conflation to enable the updating of the source Planet file (or any other extract) with newly-conflated data via software such as [Osmosis](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Osmosis). 

The primary output of this software are `.osc` files, described in detail [here](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/OsmChange). (*It is important to note that `.osc` change files are distinct from [OSM Change Sets](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Changeset)*)

Main Features: 
* Ensures properly noded junctions (e.g. intersecting Ways always share a Node).
* Preserves topology of existing OSM network. 
* Configurable ID generation (negative IDs, arbitrary offsets)
* Use of GDAL for efficient geodata processing

This software is currently in an alpha release, and will change rapidly.

## Contributing

We welcome pull requests for consideration. This repository uses pre-commit hooks to validate contributions for style. Please [install and enable `pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

Commit message:

Revitalize testing + small bugfix. (#22)
* start new test infrastructure

* fix issue with bad error checking

* more test fixtures + new tests

* more new tests

* test data

* codeship config

* readme w/ codeship

* codeship support

* add missing file

* readme updates

* tweak compose

README.md, after:

# OSM Changefile Generator (`changegen`)

[![Codeship Status for trailbehind/changegen](https://app.codeship.com/projects/824fe25d-68b7-4dde-9ec9-638b52ae0859/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/452582)

_more info on testing in_ [_`test/README`_](./test/README.md)

Changegen is a command-line application for generating OpenStreeMap [changefiles](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/OsmChange) from database tables and their source extract. This software is designed to support PostGIS/Imposm-based workflows for conflation of third-party data with OSM. The resulting changefiles can be used post-conflation to enable the updating of the source Planet file (or any other extract) with newly-conflated data via software such as [Osmosis](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Osmosis).

The primary output of this software are `.osc` files, described in detail [here](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/OsmChange). (_It is important to note that `.osc` change files are distinct from [OSM Change Sets](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Changeset)_)

Main Features:

- Ensures properly noded junctions (e.g. intersecting Ways always share a Node).
- Preserves topology of existing OSM network.
- Configurable ID generation (negative IDs, arbitrary offsets)
- Use of GDAL for efficient geodata processing

This software is currently in an alpha release, and will change rapidly.

## Contributing

We welcome pull requests for consideration. This repository uses pre-commit hooks to validate contributions for style. Please [install and enable `pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).
